Submissions/ITR1/log.md, before:

Meeting Minutes:

note: minutes were not taken during daily "stand up meetings"

[February 3rd 2026]

Agenda: discuss project and setting up.

- Jacob: setting up react front end
- front end achieved – back end still needed

[February 5th 2026]

Agenda: discuss project progress.

- Harleen could do seller account attribute changing – task reassigned to her
- We need to focus on front-end deliverables to have something the customer can better interact with
- Sufyan will be giving Katelyn reference pages for the libraries used in SecurityConfig file so she can look through some concerns
- add to profile: username, first + last name, phone #
- Discussing git commits: everyone will make sure to do a lot of small commits instead of one big one (commit every time you get something small working)
- Make sure to be descriptive in pull requests!!

[Feb 12th 2026]

Task Assignments:

Team Jira Setup + Maintenance - Jacob
PRD Update - Sufyan
README File - Sufyan 
Project Map Design - Katelyn
Implement Basic UI Vue Server - Jacob
Implement Basic Database Backend - Sufyan
Buyer Account Creation - Sufyan
Buyer/Seller Login - Sufyan
Basic UI Decorations - Jacob
Buyer Profile Modification - Shayan
Seller Account Creation - Sufyan
Farm Listings - Katelyn
Basic Tests - Jacob
Mock Farm Listing Data - Katelyn
Mock Seller Account Data - Harleen
Mock Buyer Account Data - Shayan
Seller Profile Modifications - Harleen
Authentication and Security Files - Sufyan

Time Allocated vs Time Spent:

[Assigned: || Taken: ] Team Jira Setup + Maintenance - Jacob
[Assigned: || Taken: ] PRD Update - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] README File - Sufyan 
[Assigned: 1 Day || Taken: 1 Day] Project Map Design - Katelyn
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Implement Basic UI Vue Server - Jacob
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Implement Basic Database Backend - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Buyer Account Creation - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Buyer/Seller Login - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Basic UI Decorations - Jacob
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Buyer Profile Modification - Shayan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Seller Account Creation - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: 3 hours] Farm Listings - Katelyn
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Basic Tests - Jacob
[Assigned: || Taken: 20 min.] Mock Farm Listing Data - Katelyn
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Mock Seller Account Data - Harleen
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Mock Buyer Account Data - Shayan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Seller Profile Modifications - Harleen
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Authentication and Security Files - Sufyan

Commit message:

more log file changes - added minutes that weren't there

Submissions/ITR1/log.md, after:

Meeting Minutes:

note: minutes were not taken during daily "stand up meetings"

[Jan 15th 2026]

Agenda: decide on project idea (URGENT) and create contract

- Discussed potential ideas: freezer organization, education
- Shayan suggested that we work with Cow Sharing, something he has personal experience with - all agreed on this idea
- Drafted and sent email to professor about the project idea for approval
- Discussed and Katelyn created group contract, will be emailed around for everyone to sign

[February 3rd 2026]

Agenda: discuss project and setting up.

- Jacob: setting up react front end
- front end achieved – back end still needed

[February 5th 2026]

Agenda: discuss project progress.

- Harleen could do seller account attribute changing – task reassigned to her
- We need to focus on front-end deliverables to have something the customer can better interact with
- Sufyan will be giving Katelyn reference pages for the libraries used in SecurityConfig file so she can look through some concerns
- add to profile: username, first + last name, phone #
- Discussing git commits: everyone will make sure to do a lot of small commits instead of one big one (commit every time you get something small working)
- Make sure to be descriptive in pull requests!!

[Feb 12th 2026]

Agenda: discuss project progress, discuss architechture diagram

- jacob showing rudimentary design of architecture diagram
- discussing potential changes to implement in later iterations

Changes On Plan:

- Instead of two-page setup where second page is name, phone # AND prefernces, in later iterations create a seperate questionnaire for users on a different page to make it less confusing 

Task Assignments:

Team Jira Setup + Maintenance - Jacob
PRD Update - Sufyan
README File - Sufyan 
Project Map Design - Katelyn
Implement Basic UI Vue Server - Jacob
Implement Basic Database Backend - Sufyan
Buyer Account Creation - Sufyan
Buyer/Seller Login - Sufyan
Basic UI Decorations - Jacob
Buyer Profile Modification - Shayan
Seller Account Creation - Sufyan
Farm Listings - Katelyn
Basic Tests - Jacob
Mock Farm Listing Data - Katelyn
Mock Seller Account Data - Harleen
Mock Buyer Account Data - Shayan
Seller Profile Modifications - Harleen
Authentication and Security Files - Sufyan

Development Tasks Per User Story:



Time Allocated vs Time Spent:

[Assigned: || Taken: ] Team Jira Setup + Maintenance - Jacob
[Assigned: || Taken: ] PRD Update - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] README File - Sufyan 
[Assigned: 1 Day || Taken: 1 Day] Project Map Design - Katelyn
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Implement Basic UI Vue Server - Jacob
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Implement Basic Database Backend - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Buyer Account Creation - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Buyer/Seller Login - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Basic UI Decorations - Jacob
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Buyer Profile Modification - Shayan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Seller Account Creation - Sufyan
[Assigned: || Taken: 3 hours] Farm Listings - Katelyn
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Basic Tests - Jacob
[Assigned: || Taken: 20 min.] Mock Farm Listing Data - Katelyn
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Mock Seller Account Data - Harleen
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Mock Buyer Account Data - Shayan
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Seller Profile Modifications - Harleen
[Assigned: || Taken: ] Authentication and Security Files - Sufyan
